---
layout: standard-left
permalink: /family/trips-2007-to-2012
title: Family Trips 2007 to 2012
author: Paul Chappell
type: article-main
categories:
    - family
    - photography
---
# Photos taken on Family Trips from 2007 to 2012

![Steam Train at Bury Station]

Recently, I found several sets of photographs taken on various trips I made with my wife, mother and sister, over ten years ago.

[The first set](/family/a-trip-along-the-wirral-coast) were taken on a cloudy day in September 2007. One Sunday morning we drove along the Wirral coast from Seacombe to West Kirkby, stopping off at various places along the way. 

In early March 2008 we visited Bury Market and had a train ride along the [East Lancashire Railway](https://www.eastlancsrailway.org.uk/), from Bury to Rawtenstall. The railway is a heritage line, featuring steam trains (with the occasional old diesels). 
I took [these photographs](/family/a-train-ride-on-the-east-lancs-railway) during the trip.

![Boats on the Beach at Yport, Normandy, France]

Later the same year we went to the World War 2 day at Haworth, West Yorkshire, where I took [these photographs](/family/world-war-two-day-haworth).

In 2010 we all went to Northern France for a holiday, spending two nights in Rouen and one night in Amiens. I took [these photographs](/family/two-days-in-rouen) while we were wandering around Rouen. On one of days, we went for a drive along the coast, which resulted in [these](/family/a-drive-to-the-coast-near-rouen). The last night of the holiday was spent in Amiens, where I took [these](/family/a-night-in-amiens).

In October 2012, we all went to Brugge for a week, which resulted in [these photographs](/family/a-week-in-brugge). On one of the days, we drove to Oostende, where I took [these](/family/a-trip-to-oostende-pier) on the pier.

[Steam Train at Bury Station]: /content/cat/fam/2007-to-2012-family-trips/article-001.jpg 
{: .float-image-left}
[Boats on the Beach at Yport, Normandy, France]: /content/cat/fam/2007-to-2012-family-trips/article-002.jpg 
{: .float-image-right}