---
# WebsiteGenerator:
page-type: Journal
layout: journal-3

# Common:
permalink: /journal/prostate-cancer-psa-test-passed
date: 2025/03/05 12:00:00
date-formatted: 5th March 2025
title: "Prostate Cancer: Passed"
authors:
- Paul Chappell

# Blog:
summary-type: simple
summary-title: "Prostate Cancer: Passed"
summary-description: Today I got the result of my PSA test, I was normal, no cancer.
tags:
- Personal
- Prostate-Cancer

# Journal:
previous-journal-page: /journal/prostate-cancer-psa-test
next-journal-page: /journal/river-colne-footbridge-2025-03-06
---
![View over Bishops Castle from cottage we stayed in]

In 2023 we spent 6 days in a lovely cottage in Bishops Castle, Shropshire. The above photograph is a view of the countryside from the cottage’s back garden.

At midday, I checked the results of the PSA test. All clear, yippee. My reading was 4.8 ug/L well within the normal range of 0 to 6.5.

So, it took six days to get the result and find out that I’m OK. It was a worrying time. Had I failed it may have been a month or two (probably) for the next step, which I’m told, would have been an MRI scan. That wait would be even more worrying, knowing there is a potential cancer in me.

I’ve still got a little back pain to get sorted out, but it’s easier to live with that.

After checking the result, I went for a walk and had a pint.

During the walk I noticed that some of the trees had buds on them. A sign that spring and the warmer/lighter months are coming. In just over three weeks, the clocks spring back, and suddenly it’s light until 7:30 in the evening. My favourite day of the year (guess what my least favourite day is, clue, it’s at the end of October).

Today turned out to be a very good day for me, it could have been the opposite......

Unfortunately, I don’t get to see my mate John this week.


[View over Bishops Castle from cottage we stayed in]: /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-500px.jpg
{:class="image-landscape" srcset="
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-500px.jpg 500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-1000px.jpg 1000w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-1500px.jpg 1500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-2000px.jpg 2000w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-2500px.jpg 2500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/05-1/view-over-bishops-castle-3000px.jpg 3000w"
    sizes="(max-width: 480px) 100vw, (max-width: 768px) 90vw, (max-width: 1000px) 75vw, 750px"}

