---
# WebsiteGenerator:
page-type: Journal
layout: journal-3

# Common:
permalink: /journal/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-march-2025
date: 2025/03/23 12:00:00
date-formatted: 23rd March 2025
title: Ship in a North Liverpool Dock
authors:
- Paul Chappell

# Blog:
summary-type: simple
summary-title: Ship in a North Liverpool Dock
summary-description: Photo of a large ship in one of Liverpool's North Docks.
tags:
- Liverpool
- Ships

# Journal:
previous-journal-page: /journal/hilbre-island-from-the-west-kirby-war-memorial-march-2025
next-journal-page: /journal/boats-on-the-sankey-canal-penketh-one-march-2025
---
![Ship in north liverpool dock.]

Driving home from Liverpool the other day, I drove along the dock road, to see if there were any interesting photos to be had. The only one I got is the one above. Most of the docks were hidden behind fences, walls and piles of scrap metal. 

I wanted to go to Everton's new football ground. I was hoping to get to the Mersey to see if there were any interesting photos to be taken. No chance, the ground is hidden behind a large wall. On that wall, at regular intervals, there are signs saying no photographs or social media (though you can take photos of the actual signs as they are in a public place!). 

Recently I was at Liverpool's ground, no problem taking photos there.

I was born in Liverpool. When I travel, I usually tell people I come from Liverpool (a much more interesting place than Marsden, and often leads to a more interesting conversation), they nearly always say which team do you support, Red's or Blue's. 

My answer is always; **I hate football**. 

[Ship in north liverpool dock.]: /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-500px.jpg
{:class="image-landscape" srcset="
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-500px.jpg 500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-1000px.jpg 1000w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-1500px.jpg 1500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-2000px.jpg 2000w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-2500px.jpg 2500w,
        /content/blog/2025/03/23-1/ship-in-north-liverpool-dock-3000px.jpg 3000w"
    sizes="(max-width: 480px) 100vw, (max-width: 768px) 90vw, (max-width: 1000px) 75vw, 750px"}

