---
# WebsiteGenerator:
page-type: Journal
layout: journal-3

# Common:
permalink: /journal/the-hop-vine-pub-burscough-on-the-22-january-2025
date: 2025/02/25 12:00:00
date-formatted: 25th February 2025
title: The Hop Vine, Burscough
authors:
- Paul Chappell

# Blog:
summary-type: simple
summary-title: The Hop Vine, Burscough
summary-title-tags:
- Pubs
- Burscough, The Hop Vine
summary-description: A recent photo of The Hop Vine Pub, Burscough, Lancashire.
tags:
- Lancashire
- Pubs
tag-pub-sort: Burscough, The Hop Vine

# Journal:
previous-journal-page: /journal/my-sisters-cat-cleo-on-the-22-february-2024
next-journal-page: /journal/canal-works-at-the-tunnel-end-february-2025
---
![The hop vine pub, Burscough]

While in Liverpool last weekend, I went to [Burscough](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burscough){:target="_blank"} with my friend John, for some drinks and photography.

To get there we got the train to Ormskirk, and then caught a bus (which runs hourly), that dropped us outside this gem of a pub. The pub's website is [here](https://www.thehopvine.co.uk/){:target="_blank"}. It is in CAMRA's Good Beer guide.

It's a lovely community pub (though not owned by the community), with its own brewery. I was drinking the breweries Best Bitter, (3.8%) at £3.40 a pint, a very, very good price. They also do food.

Unfortunately, we saw nothing else of Burscough. We got stuck in the pub, spending hours putting the world to rights. Then suddenly, it was time to get the bus back to Ormskirk. The bus stop is right outside the pub, but take care, the bus was ten minutes early.

Burscough looks like it's a pleasant place to wonder around for an afternoon. The Leeds Liverpool canal passes through the centre of town.

A mention in dispatches for the [Thirsty Duck](https://camra.org.uk/pubs/thirsty-duck-burscough-147117){:target="_blank"} pub. It's in a canal side warehouse. We never made it there, which gives us a good excuse to return. It's also in CAMRA's Good Beer guide.

[The hop vine pub, Burscough]: /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-500px.jpg
{:class="image-landscape" srcset="
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-500px.jpg 500w,
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-1000px.jpg 1000w,
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-1500px.jpg 1500w,
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-2000px.jpg 2000w,
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-2500px.jpg 2500w,
        /content/blog/2025/02/25-1/the-hop-vine-burscough-3000px.jpg 3000w"
    sizes="(max-width: 480px) 100vw, (max-width: 768px) 90vw, (max-width: 1000px) 75vw, 750px"}

